Soo, i REALLY can't explain very well hat happened,
so heres an e-mail i wrote (while nervous, of course):

 --0000000000003a661d0638d40a53
 Content-Type: text/plain; charset="UTF-8"
 Content-Transfer-Encoding: quoted-printable

 Hi, ummm, i have bad news. 8| 8(

 So basically I made a webcrawler and got banned from the internet,
 basically XDDDD

 I made a test webcrawler/webscrapper to grab [[OPEN]] Directory Listings
 files from Apache servers [[INDEXED]] ON GOOGLE.
 I think you can see where this is going, right? For some reason, I've been
 banned/blacklisted from 3 lists, and now, after hours of countless emails,
 it's down to just one list.

 Yes, I was an idiot for not using a VPN or Proxy for this, but do you have
 any advice for me?

Yes, i got IP Banned for being a stupid and creating a webcrawler
that ignores robots.txt

AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA WHYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY
AM I SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO DUUUUUUUUUUMMMMMMMMBBBBBBBB?????????????
GIARHGÇOREUIGHRAEUGHFJKHGLFKSJGHLFKSJGHFLSGKJFHSGKFJSHGLFKJSDGHLJKDGH

Anyways, i've sended that em-ail to shy (shy.rocks), im don't actually
am a close friend of shy, i just sended an e-mail because i wanted to
download a full databesa of cat images.

For context, heres (more) e-mails.

Me: Hi, I am currently interested in having all of your bot cat photos for archival and cuteness purposes. Is there any way you can upload it to a hosting service for me please?

shy <shy@shy.rocks> via gmail.com : i intend to release full archive on archive.org at some point, but it's huge (117 gigabytes) so i have to wait a month or so since i'm already over my isp's data limit and it'll take forever lol

Me: Awesome! :D
To be honest, i have a brand new 500GB HDD and i would seed all that via torrenting if you post on somewhere.
Also, could you provide a list of where you exactly got such a big database? Like some obscure open FTP server/HTTP directory listings?

Shy: i don’t actually remember all the sources, id usually just find a cat website and write a script to scrape the entirety of it

some filenames are named after the source, others kept as the original filename, and it’s far too late to go back and fix it so i can’t really attribute all of the cats to their original sources lol

a lot of it came from searching for cat websites and guessing domains of ones, sometimes really obscure sites just have thousands of images, and sometimes id just google “index of /cats” to find random directory listings and things like that

a lot of it also comes from previously existing archives and datasets, probably about a third of it. technically this all means that this isn’t really freely licensed or anything since i just scraped as many cats from as many places as possible

off the top of my head, i got many cats from these sources:

thecatapi
cataas
stuffonmycat (defunct i think)
https://catoftheday.com
http://www.catsthatlooklikehitler.com/cgi-bin/seigmiaow.pl
wikimedia cats
cat subreddits
random cat twitter/bsky accounts
random old youtube videos with cats

there’s definitely more im not remembering, and many batches that i simply don’t know where came from, like someone on twitter dmed me a zip file of like 80k from various sources, and a lot of them came from random archives and datasets i found online just by searching for “cat photos archive” and stuff like that years ago

anyways ill do an archive.org upload and torrent at some point (whenever my isp isn’t overcharging me)

Me: Interesting! :D
I remember doing something similar in a school project about webcrawlers/webscrapping with (also) cat images, but it was on a smaller scale and I probably lost it on my old computer. :)

Me: Hi, ummm, i have bad news. 8| 8(

So basically I made a webcrawler and got banned from the internet, basically XDDDD

I made a test webcrawler/webscrapper to grab [[OPEN]] Directory Listings files from Apache servers [[INDEXED]] ON GOOGLE.
I think you can see where this is going, right? For some reason, I've been banned/blacklisted from 3 lists, and now, after hours of countless emails, it's down to just one list.

Yes, I was an idiot for not using a VPN or Proxy for this, but do you have any advice for me?

So, yeah, i guess im fucked up to be honest, at least i can stil acess some
websites that ignores those "bot ips" list.

Also, SOMEHOW I GOT IP BANNED FROM KYM (know your meme)

Yes, as i've said before, im 100% it was due it (maybe) using some kind
of "bot ip list".

Anyways, goodbye yall! :D